Class SchedulerModules: 	Login Credentials (Dal ID) (we donÕt need to make this function, but we can build in a mock up)	Course Database (Course Timetables) --> doesnÕt exist. Have to use a web crawler.	Schedule Planner (Calendar with Integrated Schedule Builder)	Registered Courses (To be able to auto import into SB)	User Interface (Web based or App?)		Has to interact with Login		Has to pull info from course database		Has to push info to SB		Has to pull info from registered courses		Has to push saved (but not registered) SB to our own database	Rules Sets		Prerequisites / CoRequisites		Overlaps (with allow option)		Seat Availability / Wait List --> queue		Available in Current ProgramProcedure:Login To Dal OnlineNew SB / Load SB 	Import registered classes. (Optional)Search for classes to build	By Name / Course Code lookup	By CRN	By Prof (with negation)	From Timetable drop down list	By Non-overlap of Registered	By Non-overlap of SB      By time periodOption: Allow Overlaps / DonÕt allow overlapsAuto Include Labs and Tutorials. (maybe graphically show all and have them select or view a drop down list)add notifications for change in programGraphically show the course, show overlaps with red hatchWaitlist NotificationOption: Direct override request? (with auto generated email)?Allow a drop of a classAllow a freeze of a classChange Tutorial / Lab timesSave SBExport SB (Register / Drop) Confirm message if you request to drop. (donÕt reregister for already registered courses)Work around their lab drop issue. Google maps locations between classes.  (little colored man)Ensure you have ability to register ($ , date, gpa etc)Auto Waitlist clear notificationSo what is our MVP?same as we currently have without having to have CRNÕsWhat are the minimal improvements we can make?easier to search coursesShow overlapsMulti term suggestions. Core class requirements, and then a list of wanted classes and provide suggestions.Export to Calendar. (maybe)User StoryAs AI want toSo IAndroid Studio Emulator Installed and RunningGit / GitHub setupFirebaseWafflesUser Stories --> roughly 20 per group. (4th week to begin iteration 1)Use Modulo controller -> UI separate from controlling logic 